Hi <%firstname%>, may I collect your health information so <%provider%> can get to know you before your visit?: Yes
Have you ever had an abdominal : None
Have you ever had a(n): None of the above
Are you taking any medication?: No
Do you have any medication allergies?: No
Do you have any non-medication allergies?: No
Do you use home oxygen?: No
Do you use a wheelchair or walker?: No
About how many years ago was your most recent blood test? Unsure
Have you undergone any radiation therapy?: No
Have you had any recent vaccine / immunizations?: No
Do you: None of the above
How many cups of coffee, tea and/or soda do you drink daily?: Unsure
How many times per week do you exercise?: Never
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung related conditions?: None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions?: None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any other medical conditions that you have not already selected?: No
Great job! You're about half done. I finished gathering your medical history section. We have two more sections. You may take a break and pick up at any point. Everything is automatically saved.
I'm going to review your body systems from head to toe with you to check if you have had any concerning symptoms.
Are you having any of these general symptoms: None of the above
Do you have any of the following ABDOMINAL symptoms?: None of the above                    
What other symptoms?: Bleeding
Do you have concerns about your EYES or VISION?: None of the above
Vision: All
Do you have concerns about your EARS or NOSE or THROAT?: No
Do you have concerns about your BREATHING or LUNGS?: No
Do you have concerns about your CHEST or HEART?: No
Do you have concerns relating to URINATION or GENITALS?: No
Do you have any concerns related to BLEEDING, BRUISING, LUMPS OR BUMPS: No
Do you have any concerns related to your SKIN?: No
Do you have any HORMONE related concerns?: No
Do you have any concerns related to your MUSCLES or JOINTS?: No
Do you have any MENTAL HEALTH concerns you are currently dealing with: No
Do you have any concerns related to your NERVOUS SYSTEM: No
Let's discuss your family history information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
Have any of these family members passed away (died)?: None
Do you have 1st or 2nd-degree family diagnosed with: None of the above
Let's discuss your demographic information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
What language do you primarily speak?: Spanish
Please confirm your date of birth?: 11/17/76
Gender?: Male
What is your current weight?: 180
How tall are you?: 5 ft 5 in
Do you have a driver license?: No
What is your address? 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington DC. 20500
Is there a pharmacy you would prefer?: No
Did a physician refer you to our office?: No
Are you: Unemployed
Do you have a home phone that is different from this phone number?: No
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com
What is the best way to contact you?: Cell phone
Which race best describes you?: White
Which ethnicity best describes you?: Hispanic or Latino/Spanish
What is your current marital status?: Single
How did you hear about us?: Hospital
What is the first and last name of your emergency contact?: John White
Is your emergency contact your : Friend
What is your emergency contact's mobile phone number?: (415) 706-9495
Do you have a: None
Do you have health insurance?: No
Would you like to allow your protected health information to be given or shared by family or friends involved with your care?: No
Can we leave test results or medical information messages for you on your home phone or cell phone voicemail?: No
Do you have a durable power of attorney for healthcare decision, POLST (physician orders for life sustaining treatment) or similar end-of-life instruction form?: No
Does our cancellation policy make sense for you?: Yes
Do you have any other questions or concerns before your appointment?: No
Please read our cancellation policy carefully





