Hi <%firstname%>, may I collect your health information so <%provider%> can get to know you before your visit?: Yes
Have you ever had a(n): None of the above
Do you: None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung related conditions?: None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions?: None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any other medical conditions that you have not already selected?: No
Great job! You're about half done. I finished gathering your medical history section. We have two more sections. You may take a break and pick up at any point. Everything is automatically saved.
Do you have 1st or 2nd-degree family diagnosed with: None of the above
Let's discuss your demographic information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
What language do you primarily speak?: Spanish
Please confirm your date of birth?: 11/17/76
Gender?: Male
What is your current weight?: 180
How tall are you?: 5 ft 5 in
<%DoDoes%> <%person%> have a driver license?: No
What is your address? 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington DC. 20500
Is there a pharmacy you would prefer?: No
Did a physician refer you to our office?: No
Are you: Employed
What do you do for work? Where do you work?: Chef
Would you like to provide us with your: None of the above
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com
What is the best way to contact you?: Cell phone
Which race best describes you?: White
Which ethnicity best describes you?: Hispanic or Latino/Spanish
What is your current marital status?: Single
How did you hear about us?: Hospital
What is the first and last name of your emergency contact?: John White
Is your emergency contact your : Friend
What is your emergency contact's mobile phone number?: (415) 706-9495
Do you have a: None
Do you have health insurance?: No
Would you like to allow your protected health information to be given or shared by family or friends involved with your care?: No
Does our cancellation policy make sense for you?: Yes
Do you have any other questions or concerns before your appointment?: No
Please read our cancellation policy carefully




