Hi <%firstname%>, may I collect your health information so <%provider%> can get to know you before your visit?: Yes
Have you ever had a(n): All
About how many years ago was your colonoscopy?: 3
Why did you have one?: All
I noticed you selected \"other\" reasons. Please share more details: Colon issues
What were the colonoscopy findings?: All
I noticed you selected \"other\" findings. Please share more details: Stones
Do you remember the name of the physician who performed the colonoscopy?: Yes
What was the name of the physician who performed it?: John White
Please select which surgery(s) or procedure(s) you have had in the past: All
I noticed you selected other surgical procedure(s). Please share them: Heart Transplant
Please select which reaction(s) you had to anesthesia?: All
I noticed you selected \"other\" anesthesia reactions. Please share more details: Sleep
Are you taking any medication?: Yes
Name of medication: Coumadin 2.5 mg 4/day, Bionect 30g of 0.2% 3/day
Do you have any medication allergies?: Yes
Which medication(s) are you allergic to?: penicillin
What was the reaction?: Rush
Any more drug allergies?: No
Do you: All
How many cups of coffee, tea and/or soda do you drink daily?: 3
Which illicit drugs?: All
I noticed you selected other illicit drugs. Please share all here: LSD
Do you currently smoke?: Yes
About how many cigarettes per day do you smoke?: 10
About how many alcoholic drinks do you have per week?: 5
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung related conditions?: All
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions?: All
I noticed you selected \"Cancer\". What type of cancer?: Lung Cancer
Have you ever been diagnosed with any other medical conditions that you have not already selected?: Yes
Please tell me what other medical conditions you have been diagnosed with: Vitiligo
Great job! You're about half done. I finished gathering your medical history section. We have two more sections. You may take a break and pick up at any point. Everything is automatically saved.
Do you have 1st or 2nd-degree family diagnosed with: All
Which \"other\" diagnosis that a relative had, would you like to share?: Madness
Which family members were diagnosed with <%family-history-selector-other%>?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Colon Polyps?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Diabetes?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Crohns Disease?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Gastrointestinal Cancer?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Colon Cancer?: Brother
How old were they when diagnosed with Colon Cancer? 56
Do you have any more family members that were diagnosed with Colon cancer?: No
Which family members were diagnosed with Uterine Cancer? Aunt
How old were they when diagnosed with Uterine Cancer?: 58
Do you have any more family members that were diagnosed with Uterine Cancer?: No
Let's discuss your demographic information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
What language do you primarily speak?: Spanish
Please confirm your date of birth?: 11/17/76
Gender?: Male
What is your current weight?: 180
How tall are you?: 5 ft 5 in
<%DoDoes%> <%person%> have a driver license?: Yes
Would you like to take a picture of <%person-possessive%> driver's license: Manually type
What is your address? 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington DC. 20500
Is there a pharmacy you would prefer?: Yes
Type the pharmacy name: CVS, Broadway, New York, NY 10018
Did a physician refer you to our office?: Yes
What is the name of your referring physician?: Robert White
Is this your primary care provider (PCP)?: Yes
Are you: Employed
What do you do for work? Where do you work?: Chef
Would you like to provide us with your: All
What is your home phone? (415) 706-9490
What is your work phone number? (415) 706-9491
What is the fax number? (415) 706-9492
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com
What is the best way to contact you?: Cell phone
Which race best describes you?: White
Which ethnicity best describes you?: Hispanic or Latino/Spanish
What is your current marital status?: Single
How did you hear about us?: Hospital
What is the first and last name of your emergency contact?: John White
Is your emergency contact your : Friend
What is your emergency contact's mobile phone number?: (415) 706-9495
Do you have a: All
Is your guarantor your: Parent
What is your guarantor's first and last name?: Peter White
What is your guardian's first and last name? Jack White
Do you have health insurance?: Yes
Can you take a picture of the insurance card?: No
What is your insurance and policy name? Medicare
What is your policy number? 123456789A
Is the policy holder's name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder's name? Michael White
What is the policy holder's gender? Male
What is the policy holder's date of birth? 04/04/89
Do you have secondary insurance? Yes
Can you take a picture of the secondary insurance card? No
What is your insurance and policy name? Humana
What is your policy number? ERTY-FGH-BN5
Is the policy holder's name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder's name? John White
What is the policy holder's gender? Male
What is the policy holder's date of birth? 06/06/86
Do you have tertiary insurance? Yes
Can you take a picture of the tertiary insurance card? No
What is your insurance carriaer and policy name? United healthcare
What is your policy number? VBNM-JHG-765
Is the policy holder's name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder's name? Tom White
What is the policy holder's gender? Male
What is the policy holder's date of birth? 07/07/87
Would you like to allow your protected health information to be given or shared by family or friends involved with your care?: Yes
What is the name of the person?: Caroline White
What is your relationship to this person?: Spouse
Do you have any more family/friends you would like to allow your protected health information to be shared with?: Yes
What is the name of the person?: Linda White
What is your relationship to this person?: Sister
Do you have any more family/friends you would like to allow your protected health information to be shared with?: No
Can we leave test results or medical information messages for you on your home phone or cell phone voicemail?: Yes
Do you have a durable power of attorney for healthcare decision, POLST (physician orders for life sustaining treatment) or similar end-of-life instruction form?
Does our cancellation policy make sense for you?: Yes
Do you have any other questions or concerns before your appointment?: No
Please read our cancellation policy carefully





