Hi <%firstname%>, may I collect your health information so <%provider%> can get to know you before your visit?: Yes
Have you ever had an abdominal : All
What other abdominal procedure have you had?: Laparoscopy
About how many years ago was your ultrasound?: 4
About how many years ago was your X-Ray?: 5
About how many years ago was your CT Scan?: 6-9
About how many years ago was your MRI?: 10+
About how many years ago was your Barium swallow procedure?: 2
About how many years ago was your Laparoscopy? Unsure
Have you ever had a(n): All
About how many years ago was your colonoscopy?: 3
Why did you have one?: All
I noticed you selected \"other\" reasons. Please share more details: Colon issues
Do you remember the name of the physician who performed the colonoscopy?: Yes
What was the name of the physician who performed it?: John White
Please select which surgery(s) or procedure(s) you have had in the past: All
I noticed you selected other surgical procedure(s). Please share them: Heart Transplant
Please select which reaction(s) you had to anesthesia?: All
I noticed you selected \"other\" anesthesia reactions. Please share more details: Sleep
Are you taking any medication?: Yes
Name of medication: Coumadin 2.5 mg 4/day, Bionect 30g of 0.2% 3/day
Do you have any medication allergies?: Yes
Which medication(s) are you allergic to?: penicillin
What was the reaction?: Rush
Any more drug allergies?: No
Do you have any non-medication allergies?: Yes
Please describe your allergies: bee sting
Do you use home oxygen?: Yes
Do you use a wheelchair or walker?: Yes
About how many years ago was your most recent blood test? 3
Have you undergone any radiation therapy?: Yes
Have you had any recent vaccine / immunizations?: Yes
Which one?: All
Which other recent vaccine / immunizations?: Influenza
About how many years ago for the <%immuno-history-other%>?: 5
About how many years ago for the Flu?: 4
About how many years ago for Pneumonia?: 3
About how many years ago for Shingles/Zoster?: 2
About how many years ago for Hepatitis A?: 6-9
About how many years ago for Hepatitis B?: 10+
Do you: All
How many cups of coffee, tea and/or soda do you drink daily?: 3
Which illicit drugs?: All
I noticed you selected other illicit drugs. Please share all here: LSD
Do you currently smoke?: Yes
About how many cigarettes per day do you smoke?: 10
About how many alcoholic drinks do you have per week?: 5
How many times per week do you exercise?: 7
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung related conditions?: All
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions?: All
I noticed you selected \"Cancer\". What type of cancer?: Lung Cancer
Have you ever been diagnosed with any other medical conditions that you have not already selected?: Yes
Please tell me what other medical conditions you have been diagnosed with: Vitiligo
Great job! You're about half done. I finished gathering your medical history section. We have two more sections. You may take a break and pick up at any point. Everything is automatically saved.
I'm going to review your body systems from head to toe with you to check if you have had any concerning symptoms.
Are you having any of these general symptoms: All
Do you have any of the following ABDOMINAL symptoms?: All
What other symptoms?: Bleeding
Do you have concerns about your EYES or VISION?: Yes
Vision: All
Do you have concerns about your EARS or NOSE or THROAT?: Yes
Ear/Nose: All
Do you have concerns about your BREATHING or LUNGS?: Yes
Breathing: All
Do you have concerns about your CHEST or HEART?: Yes
Heart: All
Do you have concerns relating to URINATION or GENITALS?: Yes
Urinary: All
Do you have any concerns related to BLEEDING, BRUISING, LUMPS OR BUMPS: Yes
Blood / Lymph: All
Do you have any concerns related to your SKIN?: Yes
Skin: All
Do you have any HORMONE related concerns?: Yes
Hormone: All
Do you have any concerns related to your MUSCLES or JOINTS?: Yes
Muscle: All
Do you have any MENTAL HEALTH concerns you are currently dealing with: Yes
Mental Health: All
Do you have any concerns related to your NERVOUS SYSTEM: Yes
Nervous system: All
Let's go into detail about some of your concerns.
I understand that you have unintentionally lost weight. Approximately how many pounds have you lost?: 6
Over what period of time?: Weeks
Over how many <%body-weight-loss-period%>?: 4
Any recent change in diet: Yes
Please tell me a little about your dietary changes?: Low carbs
Do you have: All
How much weight have you gained?: 60
Over what period of time?: months
Over how many <%body-weight-gain-period%>?: 5
Do you associate your weight gain with: All
What other item do you associate your weight gain with?: More eating
Any recent change in your diet?: Yes
Please tell me a little about your dietary changes?: High carbs
Do you feel / see: All
For women - Have you been having menstrual irregularities?: Yes
I understand you are having swallowing difficulty. Which type of food?: All
Is it: becoming worse
Have you had: All
You mentioned you are having abdominal/belly pain. How would you rate your pain?: 6
Over what period of time?: Weeks
Approximately over how many <%body-ab-pain-period%>?: 7
The abdominal pain is: All
The abdominal pain is: All
How else would you describe the abdominal pain?: All
On my abdomen (belly) it hurts: All
Abdominal pain is made better with: All
What else makes it better?: Sitting
Abdominal pain is made worse with: All
What else makes it worse?: Jumping
Overall, the abdominal pain is getting: Worse
I understand you have been vomiting. Is the VOMIT: All
When did vomiting start?: May 2019
Over what period of time? Weeks
Approximately over how many <%body-vomit-period%>?: 3
Any change in: All
Has your appetite: Increased
Do you have a history of: All
I understand you are having a change in bowel habits. Are you having: All
You selected other. Please explain: Bloody diarrhea
Over how long?: days
Approximately over how many <%body-bowel-changein-ago%>? 18
Do you have any of the following associated with your change in bowel habits: All
Have you changed your: All
Any recent: All
Do you have a history of: All
I understand you noticed blood in your vomit. How much blood would you estimate?: Teaspoon
How long has this been going on?: months
Approximately over how many <%body-vomit-blood-period%>?: 3
Have you had recent: All
Do you have a history of: All 
Do you take: All
Which other blood thinners? Ultra Thin
You mentioned you have a change in stool color. Do you have: All
How long have you had stool color changes?: Weeks
Approximately over how many <%body-stool-period%>?: 6
Do you take any of the following medications: All
Which other blood thinners?: Mega Thin
Let's discuss your family history information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
Have any of these family members passed away (died)?: All
What was your mother's age at death?: 90
What was your mother's cause of death?: Old age
What was your father's age at death?: 80
What was your father's cause of death?: Heart Disease
What was your brother's age at death? 70
What was your brother's cause of death?: Lung Disease
Do you have any other brothers who have passed away (died)? Yes
What was your brother's age at death? 60
What was your brother's cause of death?: Cancer
Do you have any other brothers who have passed away (died)? No
What was your sister's age at death?: 50
What was your sister's cause of death? Accident
Do you have any other sisters who have passed away (died)? No
Do you have 1st or 2nd-degree family diagnosed with: All
Which \"other\" diagnosis that a relative had, would you like to share?: Madness
Which family members were diagnosed with <%family-history-selector-other%>?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Colon Polyps?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Diabetes?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Crohns Disease?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Gastrointestinal Cancer?: All
Which family members were diagnosed with Colon Cancer?: brother
How old were they when diagnosed with Colon Cancer? 56
Do you have any more family members that were diagnosed with Colon cancer?: No
Which family members were diagnosed with Uterine Cancer? Aunt
How old were they when diagnosed with Uterine Cancer?: 58
Do you have any more family members that were diagnosed with Uterine Cancer?: No
Let's discuss your demographic information. You can stop and continue where you left off at any time.
What language do you primarily speak?: Spanish
Please confirm your date of birth?: 11/17/76
Gender?: Male
What is your current weight?: 180
How tall are you?: 5 ft 5 in
<%DoDoes%> <%person%> have a driver license?: Yes
Would you like to take a picture of <%person-possessive%> driver's license: Manually type
What is your address? 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington DC. 20500
Is there a pharmacy you would prefer?: Yes
Type the pharmacy name: CVS, Broadway, New York, NY 10018
Did a physician refer you to our office?: Yes
What is the name of your referring physician?: Robert White
Is this your primary care provider (PCP)?: Yes
Are you: Employed
What do you do for work? Where do you work?: Chef
Would you like to provide us with your: All
What is your home phone? (415) 706-9490
What is your work phone number? (415) 706-9491
What is the fax number? (415) 706-9492
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com
What is the best way to contact you?: Cell phone
Which race best describes you?: White
Which ethnicity best describes you?: Hispanic or Latino/Spanish
What is your current marital status?: Single
How did you hear about us?: Hospital
What is the first and last name of your emergency contact?: John White
Is your emergency contact your : Friend
What is your emergency contact's mobile phone number?: (415) 706-9495
Do you have a: All
Is your guarantor your: Parent
What is your guarantor's first and last name?: Peter White
What is your guardian's first and last name? Jack White
Would you like to allow your protected health information to be given or shared by family or friends involved with your care?: Yes
What is the name of the person?: Caroline White
What is your relationship to this person?: Spouse
Do you have any more family/friends you would like to allow your protected health information to be shared with?: Yes
What is the name of the person?: Linda White
What is your relationship to this person?: Sister
Do you have any more family/friends you would like to allow your protected health information to be shared with?: No
Can we leave test results or medical information messages for you on your home phone or cell phone voicemail?: Yes
Do you have a durable power of attorney for healthcare decision, POLST (physician orders for life sustaining treatment) or similar end-of-life instruction form?
Does our cancellation policy make sense for you?: Yes
Do you have any other questions or concerns before your appointment?: No
Please read our cancellation policy carefully





