May i collect your health information so Dr Ruby Shah can get to know you before your visit? Yes
Please confirm date of birth: 11/17/76
Please confirm first and last legal name: Peter Black 
Gender: Male
Whats the main reason or concern for your upcoming visit with Dr Ruby Shah: Not Sure
Are you prescribed any medications? No
Do you have any medication allergies? No 
Do you have any non-medication allergies? No
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung-related conditions? None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions? None of the above
Do you have any of these conditions? None of the above
Have you ever been diagnosed with other medical conditions that you havent already asked? No
Select any surgery of procedure youve had in the past: None
About how many years ago was your last physical exam? Never
Whats your tobacco smoking status? Never smoker
Do you use smokeless tobacco? Never used smokeless tobacco 
Do you use E-cigarette / Vape products? Never
I'm going to review your body systems from head to toe to check if you have had any concerning symptoms
Are you having any of these general symptoms: None of the above
Do you have concerns about your chest or heart? None of the above  
Do you have concerns regarding your Digestive system / Abdomen / Colon / Intestines / Stomach? None of the above
Do you have concerns about your eyes or vision? None of the above
Do you have concerns about your ear, nose or mouth/throat? None of the above
Do you have concerns about your breathing or lungs? None of the above
Do you have concerns about relating to urination or genitals? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to bleeding, bruising, lumps or bumps? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to your skin, hair or nails? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to your muscles or joints? None of the above
Do you have any mental health concerns you are currently dealing with? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to your nervous system? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to your hormones system? None of the above
Do you have any concerns related to your inmune system? None of the above
Have any of these family members passed away? None
Do any of these members of your family have health problems? None
Do you have a driver license? No
Would you like to take a picture? Manually type
What is your address? 1600 Penn Ave
Are you: Unemployed
What do you do for work? Chef
Do you have a home phone # other than your mobile # you would like to share? No
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com 
What is the best way to contact? Cellphone
What best describes your race? African American
What best describes your ethnicity? Not Hispanic or Latino
What language do you primarily speak? French
What is your current marital status? Single
What is the first and the last name of your emergency contact? John Black
Is your emergency contact your? Parent
Whats your emergency contact phone number? (415)706-9470
Do you have a  (guarantor, guardian): None
Will you be the person responsible for paying for this visit? No
What is the name of the responsible party? Michael Black
What is Michael Black´s relationship? Friend
Does Michael Black have a driver license? No
What is Michael Black address? 401 Bosley Avenue, Baltimore, MD 21204
What is Michael Black birthday? 06/06/89
We have this Michael Black mobile number. Does Michael Black have another phone number? None of the above
Is Michael Black (Employed, Retired, Unemployed) Employed
Where does Michael Black work? Chef
Would you like to provide us with Michael Black: None of the above
What is Michael Black email address? mblack@gmail.com
What is Michael Black current marital status: Single
Do you have insurance? No
How did you hear about us? Advertising
Is there a pharmacy you usually use for prescriptions that you like to us to have in file? No 
By signing below