May i collect your health information so Dr Ruby Shah can get to know you before your visit? Yes
Please confirm date of birth: 11/17/76
Please confirm first and last legal name:  Albert Black 
Gender: Male
Whats the main reason or concern for your upcoming visit with Dr Ruby Shah: All
I notice you chose Other. What is the main reason for your upcoming visit? Abdominal issues
How much would you say your atrial fibrilation affects your life? Mildly
How long have you had AFib? Days
If you feel your AFib, does it happen: Suddenly
Do any of the following make your AFib worse? All
Do any of the following make your AFib better? all
Have you been told if your heart failure (CHF) is: Systolic
do you have shortness of breath? Up more than 1 flight of stars
How long have you had heart failure CHF? Weeks
Any recent change in weight? Gained
Do you have: All
Which of the following exercises do you do? All
How many times per week do you exercise? 3
Do you monitor your diet? All
Do you use diuretics (water pills)? Prescribed amount
Is your heart failure worse with: All
Since your last doctor visit your symptoms are: Better
Do you have any other symptoms related to your heart failure that you would like to share? Yes
What symptoms would you like to share? arrhythmia
Hoy long have you had High Blood pressure? Weeks 
Do you check your blood pressure at home? Yes
What would you say is the average High Blood pressure reading? 160
What would you say is the average Low Blood pressure reading? 80
Where are your Varicose Veins? All
Have you had / done any of the following for your Varicose Veins? All
Do you have pain associated with your Varicose Veins? Yes
What is your Varicose Vein pain level? 8
Have you had any of the following (may contribute or cause Varicose Veins? All
Does any of the following make the Varicose Veins better? All
Where is your wound located? All
Do you have pain associated with your bound? 6
How would you describe your wound pain? All
How long have you had your wounds? Days
Is your wound: New
Did you have any of these potential causes for your wound? All
Have any of the following helped the wound improve? All
Have any of the following helped the wound worse? All
Do you have any of the following associated with your wound? All
Have you had any surgical procedures for your wound? Yes
How long ago was your Surgical procedure? Days
Have you had any medical studies/imaging of the wound? All
Around when was the study performed? May 2012
Since your last visit, has there been any change in your: All
What´s your new insurance and policy name? cigna
What is your new address? 1600 Penn Ave. DC 20500
What is your new phone number? (415) 706-0000
What is the first and the last name of your emergency contact? Robert Jones
Where do you work now? Chef
What is your new marital status? Single
Since your last visit, has there been any change in your: All
Please tell me the name of your new allergies: Lactose
Please tell me the name of your new medications: remeven
Please tell me the name of your new diagnoses: Asthma
Please describe your recent hospitalization: Car accident recovery
What´s the name of your new Primary Care Physician? Paul Willis
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung-related conditions? All
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions? All
I noticed you selected Cancer. What type of cancer? Lung Cancer
Do you have any of these conditions? All
Have you ever been diagnosed with other medical conditions that you havent already asked? Yes
Please tell me what other medical conditions you have been diagnosed with: Vitiligo
Are you having any of these general symptoms: All
Do you have concerns about your chest or heart? All
What other symptoms? arrhythmia
Do you have concerns regarding your Digestive system / Abdomen / Colon / Intestines / Stomach? All
What other symptoms? Bloody diarrhea
Do you have concerns about your eyes or vision? All
What other symptoms? Eye tiredness
Do you have concerns about your ear, nose or mouth/throat? All
What other symptoms? Ear pain
Do you have concerns about your breathing or lungs? All
What other symptoms? Heavy cough
Do you have concerns about relating to urination or genitals? All
What other symptoms? Pain when sitting
Do you have any concerns related to bleeding, bruising, lumps or bumps?
What other symptoms? Lymph bleeding
Do you have any concerns related to your skin, hair or nails? All
What other symptoms? Skin burning
Do you have any concerns related to your muscles or joints? All
What other symptoms? Arm
Do you have any mental health concerns you are currently dealing with?
What other symptoms? Easy distracting
Do you have any concerns related to your nervous system? All
What other symptoms? Shakings
Do you have any concerns related to your hormones system? All
What other symptoms? People intolerance
Do you have any concerns related to your inmune system? All
What other symptoms? Flower allergies
Would you like to go into detail about some of your concerns? Yes
Did you measure your temperature with a thermometer? Yes
What was the highest temperature you observed? 160
How many days ago did the fever start? 3
When you do notice the fevers? All
Have you taken medication for the fever? Yes
Name of the medication: Tyvaso starting pack 3/day
When did the chills start? In the last week
When did the fatigue start? In the last month
Do you associate this fatigue with anything else in your life? Yes
What do you associate this fatigue with? Too much work
Is it associated with: All
What else de you associate your lack of appetite with? Gastroenteritis
Are you having trouble: All
Have you been told that you snore? Yes
Are you often tired during the day? Yes
Has anyone observed you stop breathing while sleeping? Yes
Do you: All
When did your heartburn / GERD begin? 1-3 months ago
Was this ever disgnosed or addressed by a physician? Yes
Are you taking medication for your heartburn? Yes
Tell me the name of the medication: Multivitamin
Does it help? Yes
When did the double vision start? In the last month
Do you associate this double vision with anything else? Yes
What do you associate this double vision with? Computer
When did the blurring begin? Today
Which eye is experiencing blurry vision? Both 
Have you ever had nose bleeds before? Yes
Have you started new medications recently? No
When did your sore throat start? In the last week
Do you have? All
When did the hoarseness start? Today
When did your cough begin? In the last month
Are you coughing up: All
Does anything make your cough better? Yes
What makes your cough better? Syrup
Does anything make your cough worse? Shouting
You said you feel short of breath: All
Select the severity of your shortness of breath: Mild
How long have you had shortness of breath? Days
How many days? 5
Tell us about the onset and timing. Is the shortness of breath: Weekly
Tell us about the context. Do you get short of breath when: All
Do you wake up from sleep with shortness of breath? Yes
Have you recently had a long trip? Yes
Tell us about that trip: It was a 5-day trip
Do you have any of the following conditions? All
Do any of the following make your shortness of breath better? All
Have you noticed any of the following make your shortness of breath worse? All
Do you have any of these symptoms: All
You mentiioned you have edema or swelling in your legs? Left
Your edema or swelling is: Equal on both 
How long have you had leg swelling/edema: Weeks
How many weeks ago? 3
Your leg edema or swelling is usually: All
Leg edema or swelling started: Suddenly
How severe is your leg edema or swelling? 4
How would you describe the leg pain? Worsening
How else would you describe the leg pain? All
How severe is the pain? 6
How long have you had leg pain? Weeks
Is leg pain: choose all that apply: All
Context/Potential leg pain causes: All
Do any of the following makes your leg pain better? All
Do any of the following makes your leg pain worse? All
How would you describe your leg edema or swelling? All
Does anything bring on the leg edema or swelling? All
Which of these apply to you? All
Does amything make the leg swelling better? All
Does amything make the leg swelling worse? All
Describe the location of your chest pain/angina: All
Does the pain radiate or "move" from one place to another? Yes
Where does your chest pain travel to? All
How would you describe your chest pain: All
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 5
When did your chest pain begin? Today
How long does the chest pain last? Hours
What were you doing when you felt these chest pains? All
When do the chest pain occur? Night 
Do any of the following makes your chest pain better? All
Do any of the following makes your chest pain worse? All
Do you have any of the following associated with your chest pain? All 
Do you feel heart palpitations in these places? All
When did your heart palpitations begin? Today
When do the heart palpitations occur? Day time
What were you doing when you felt these heart palpitations? All
What were you doing when you felt these palpitations? Jumping
Do any of the following make your palpitations worse? All
Do any of the following make your palpitations better? All
Do you notice any of the following when you have palpitations? All
How long the palpitations last? Days
How severe are the palpitations? Moderate
Does your back hurt? Yes
What part of your back bothers you? All
Have you had any back injuries in the past? Yes
Please tell me about your back injury: Falling from a tree 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 10
What have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? Pilates
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Pilates, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? A lot 
Does your shoulder hurt? Yes
Which shoulder bothers you? Both
Have you had any injuries to the shoulder? Yes
Please tell me about the injury: Falling from a horse 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 8
What have you tried to do to alleviate your shoulder pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? Resting
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Resting, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? Somewhat
Does your neck hurt? Yes
Have you had any injuries to the neck? Yes
Please tell me about the injury: Car accident 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 6
What have you tried to do to alleviate your pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your pain? Plastic neck
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Plastic neck, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? Temporarily
Is your dizziness? All
You chose other. Please explain your dizziness: Spinning
When these dizzy episodes occur? All
How long do the dizzy episodes last? Minutes 
How severe are these dizzy episodes? Severe / Intense
Does anything bring on these dizzy episodes? All
What else brings on these dizzy episodes? Falling 
Do any of the following makes your dizziness better? All
Do any of the following makes your dizziness worse? All
Do you have any associated: (nausea, vomiting, ringing on ears...) All
When did these fainting episodes begin? In the last week
How long did the fainting episodes last? Hours
Does anything bring on these fainting episodes? All
What else brings on these fainting episodes? Sitting 
Do you have any related: All
How long have you been suffering from headaches? months
What is the best way to contact? Cell Phone
By signing below