May i collect your health information so Dr Ruby Shah can get to know you before your visit? Yes
Please confirm date of birth: 11/17/76
Please confirm first and last legal name: Jack Black 
Gender: Male
Whats the main reason or concern for your upcoming visit with Dr Ruby Shah: All
I notice you chose Other. What is the main reason for your upcoming visit? Abdominal issues
How much would you say your atrial fibrilation affects your life? Mildly
How long have you had AFib? Days
If you feel your AFib, does it happen: Suddenly
Do any of the following make your AFib worse? All
Do any of the following make your AFib better? all
Have you been told if your heart failure (CHF) is: Systolic
do you have shortness of breath? Up more than 1 flight of stars
How long have you had heart failure CHF? Weeks
Any recent change in weight? Gained
Do you have: All
Which of the following exercises do you do? All
How many times per week do you exercise? 3
Do you monitor your diet? All
Do you use diuretics (water pills)? Prescribed amount
Is your heart failure worse with: All
Since your last doctor visit your symptoms are: Better
Do you have any other symptoms related to your heart failure that you would like to share? Yes
What symptoms would you like to share? arrhythmia
Hoy long have you had High Blood pressure? Weeks 
Do you check your blood pressure at home? Yes
What would you say is the average High Blood pressure reading? 160
What would you say is the average Low Blood pressure reading? 80
Where are your Varicose Veins? All
Have you had / done any of the following for your Varicose Veins? All
Do you have pain associated with your Varicose Veins? Yes
What is your Varicose Vein pain level? 8
Have you had any of the following (may contribute or cause Varicose Veins? All
Does any of the following make the Varicose Veins better? All
Where is your wound located? All
Do you have pain associated with your bound? 6
How would you describe your wound pain? All
How long have you had your wounds? Days
Is your wound: New
Did you have any of these potential causes for your wound? All
Have any of the following helped the wound improve? All
Have any of the following helped the wound worse? All
Do you have any of the following associated with your wound? All
Have you had any surgical procedures for your wound? Yes
How long ago was your Surgical procedure? Days
Have you had any medical studies/imaging of the wound? All
Around when was the study performed? May 2012
Are you prescribed any medications? Yes
Name of the medication: Coumadin
Dosage: 20mg
Times per day: 2
Any more medication? Yes
Name of the medication: Atrapro
Dosage: 113g
Times per day: 2
Any more medication? No 
Do you have any medication allergies? Yes
Which medications are you allergic to? Belvic
What was the reaction? Rush
Do you have any non-medication allergies? Yes
Please describe your allergies: Sea food
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these heart or lung-related conditions? All
Have you ever been diagnosed with any of these conditions? All
I noticed you selected Cancer. What type of cancer? Lung Cancer
Do you have any of these conditions? All
Have you ever been diagnosed with other medical conditions that you havent already asked? Yes
Please tell me what other medical conditions you have been disgnosed with: Vitiligo
Select any surgery of procedure youve had in the past: All
I noticed you selected other surgical other surgical procedures. Please share details: Knee replacement
What type of joint replacement: All
About how many years ago was your last physical exam? 5
Whats your tobacco smoking status? Current smoker
About how many packs of cigarettes do you smoke? 1 pack daily
Do you use smokeless tobacco? Currently chews tobacco
About how many years have you used tobacco products? 4
Do you use E-cigarette / Vape products? Current
I'm going to review your body systems from head to toe to check if you have had any concerning symptoms
Are you having any of these general symptoms: All
Do you have concerns about your chest or heart? All  
What other symptoms: Chest pressure
Do you have concerns regarding your Digestive system / Abdomen / Colon / Intestines / Stomach? All
What other symptoms? Blood
Do you have concerns about your eyes or vision? All
What other symptoms? Tired eyes
Do you have concerns about your ear, nose or mouth/throat? All
What other symptoms? Deafness
Do you have concerns about your breathing or lungs? All
What other symptoms? Heavy cough
Do you have concerns about relating to urination or genitals? All
What other symptoms? Pain when sitting
Do you have any concerns related to bleeding, bruising, lumps or bumps? All
What other symptoms? Lymph bleeding
Do you have any concerns related to your skin, hair or nails? All
What other symptoms? Thick nails
Do you have any concerns related to your muscles or joints? All
What other symptoms? Arm
Do you have any mental health concerns you are currently dealing with? All
What other symptoms? Easy distracting
Do you have any concerns related to your nervous system? All
What other symptoms? Shakings
Do you have any concerns related to your hormones system? All
What other symptoms? People intolerance
Do you have any concerns related to your inmune system? All
What other symptoms? Flower allergies
Would you like to go into detail about some of your concerns?
I understand that you have unintentionally lost weight. Approximately how many pounds have you lost?: 6
Over what period of time?: Weeks
Over how many <%body-weight-loss-period%>?: 4
Any recent change in diet: Yes
Please tell me a little about your dietary changes?: Low carbs
Do you have: All
What type of cancer? Al
Did you measure your temperature with a thermometer? Yes
What was the highest temperature you observed? 160
How many days ago did the fever start? 3
When you do notice the fevers? All
Have you taken medication for the fever? Yes
When did the chills start? In the last week
When did the fatigue start? In the last month
Do you associate this fatigue with anything else in your life? Yes
What do you associate this fatigue with? Too much work
Is it associated with: All
What else de you associate your lack of appetite with? Gastroenteritis
Are you having trouble: All
Have you been told that you snore? Yes
Are you often tired during the day? Yes
Has anyone observed you stop breathing while sleeping? Yes
Do you: All
When did your heartburn / GERD begin? 1-3 months ago
Was this ever disgnosed or addressed by a physician? Yes
Are you taking medication for your heartburn? Yes
Tell me the name of the medication: Multivitamin
Does it help? Yes
When did the double vision start? In the last month
Do you associate this double vision with anything else? Yes
What do you associate this double vision with? Computer
When did the blurring begin? Today
Which eye is experiencing blurry vision? Both 
Have you ever had nose bleeds before? Yes
Have you started new medications recently? No
When did your sore throat start? In the last week
Do you have? All
When did the hoarseness start? Today
When did your cough begin? In the last month
Are you coughing up: All
Does anything make your cough better? Yes
What makes your cough better? Syrup
Does anything make your cough worse? Shouting
You said you feel short of breath: All
Select the severity of your shortness of breath: Mild
How long have you had shortness of breath? Days
How many days? 5
Tell us about the onset and timing. Is the shortness of breath: Weekly
Tell us about the context. Do you get short of breath when: All
Do you wake up from sleep with shortness of breath? Yes
Have you recently had a long trip? Yes
Tell us about that trip: It was a 5-day trip
Do you have any of the following conditions? All
do any of the following make your shortness of breath better? All
Have you noticed any of the following make your shortness of breath worse? All
Do you have any of these symptoms: All
You mentiioned you have edema or swelling in your legs? Left
Your edema or swelling is: Equal on both 
How long have you had leg swelling/edema: Weeks
How many weeks ago? 3
Your leg edema or swelling is usually: All
Leg edema or swelling started: Suddenly
How severe is your leg edema or swelling? 4
How would you describe the leg pain? Worsening
How else would you describe the leg pain? All
How severe is the pain? 6
How long have you had leg pain? Weeks
Is leg pain: choose all that apply: All
Context/Potential leg pain causes: All
Do any of the following makes your leg pain better? All
Do any of the following makes your leg pain worse? All
How would you describe your leg edema or swelling? All
Does anything bring on the leg edema or swelling? All
Which of these apply to you? All
Does amything make the leg swelling better? All
Does amything make the leg swelling worse? All
Describe the location of your chest pain/angina: All
Does the pain radiate or "move" from one place to another? Yes
Where does your chest pain travel to? All
How would you describe your chest pain: All
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 5
When did your chest pain begin? Today
How long does the chest pain last? Hours
What were you doing when you felt these chest pains? All
When do the chest pain occur? Night 
Do any of the following makes your chest pain better? All
Do any of the following makes your chest pain worse? All
Do you have any of the following associated with your chest pain? All 
Do you feel heart palpitations in these places? All
When did your heart palpitations begin? Today
When do the heart palpitations occur? Day time
What were you doing when you felt these heart palpitations? All
What were you doing when you felt these palpitations? Jumping
Do any of the following make your palpitations worse? All
Do any of the following make your palpitations better? All
Do you notice any of the following when you have palpitations? All
How long the palpitations last? Days
How severe are the palpitations? Moderate
Does your back hurt? Yes
What part of your back bothers you? All
Have you had any back injuries in the past? Yes
Please tell me about your back injury: Falling from a tree 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 10
What have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? Pilates
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Pilates, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? A lot 
Does your shoulder hurt? Yes
Which shoulder bothers you? Both
Have you had any injuries to the shoulder? Yes
Please tell me about the injury: Falling from a horse 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 8
What have you tried to do to alleviate your shoulder pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your back pain? Resting
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Resting, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? Somewhat
Does your neck hurt? Yes
Have you had any injuries to the neck? Yes
Please tell me about the injury: Car accident 
On scale 1-10, ten being the worst, how much pain do you have? 6
What have you tried to do to alleviate your pain? All
What other method have you tried to do to alleviate your pain? Plastic neck
Did the Heat, Ice, Rest, Medication, Plastic neck, relieve your pain at all? Helped
How much did it relieve your pain? Temporarily
Is your dizziness? All
You chose other. Please explain your dizziness: Spinning
When these dizzy episodes occur? All
How long do the dizzy episodes last? Minutes 
How severe are these dizzy episodes? Severe / Intense
Does anything bring on these dizzy episodes? All
What else brings on these dizzy episodes? Falling 
Do any of the following makes your dizziness better? All
Do any of the following makes your dizziness worse? All
Do you have any associated: (nausea, vomiting, ringing on ears...) All
When did these fainting episodes begin? In the last week
How long did the fainting episodes last? Hours
Does anything bring on these fainting episodes? All
What else brings on these fainting episodes? Sitting 
Do you have any related: All
How long have you been suffering from headaches? months
Have any of these family members passed away? All
What was your mother age at death? 90
What was your mother cause of death? Old Age
What was your father age at death? 80
What was your father cause of death? Heart Disease
What was your brother age at death? 70
What was your brother cause of death? Lung desease
What was your sister age at death?  60
What was your sister cause of death? Cancer
Do any of these members of your family have health problems? All
What medical conditions do your mother have? Parkinson
How old is your mother? 90
What medical conditions do your father have? Alzheimer
How old is your mother? 80
What medical conditions do your brother have? Bipolar disorder
How old is your brother? 70
What medical conditions do your sister have? Amnesia
How old is your sister? 60
Do you have a driver license? Yes
Wolud you like to take a picture? Manually type
What is your address? 1600 Penn Ave
Are you: Employed
What do you do for work? Chef
Would you like to provide us with your: All
What is your phone home number? (415)706-9477
What is your work phone number? (415)706-9478
What is your e-mail address? fernando@healthnote.com 
What is the best way to contact? Cellphone
What best describes your race? African American
What best describes your ethnicity? Not Hispanic or Latino
What language do you primarily speak? French
What is your current marital status? Single
What is the first and the last name of your emergency contact? John Black
Is your emergency contact your? Parent
Whats your emergency contact phone number? (415)706-9479
Do you have a  (guarantor, guardian): All
What's your guardian first and last name? Michael Black
What's your guarantor first and last name? Tom Black
Is your guarantor your? Friend
Does Michael Black have a driver license? Yes
Wolud you like to take a picture? Manually Type
What is Michael Black address? 401 Bosley Avenue, Baltimore, MD 21204
What is Michael Black birthday? 06/06/89
We have this Michael Black mobile number. Does Michael Black have another phone number? All
Is Michael Black (Employed, Retired, Unemployed) Employed
Where does Michael Black work? Chef
Would you like to provide us with Michael Black: All
What is Michael Black cell phone number? (415) 706-9480
What is Michael Black home phone number? (415) 706-9481
What is Michael Black work phone number? (415) 706-9482
What is Michael Black email address? mblack@gmail.com
What is the best way to contact Michael Black? Cell Phone 
What is Michael Black current marital status: Single
Do you have insurance? Yes
What is your primary insurance carrier? Medicare
What is your policy number? 123456789A
Is your policy holder´s name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder´s name? Robert Black
What is the policy gender? Male
What is the policy holder´s date of birth? 07/07/87
Do you have secondary insurance? United Healthcare
What type of insurance is it? PPO 
What is your secondary insurance group name: unsure
Whats your insurance and policy name? ERTG-GB5-HJ7
Is your policy holder´s name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder´s name? Carolina Black
What is the policy gender? Female
What is the policy holder´s date of birth? 08/08/88
Do you have tertiary insurance? Humana
What type of insurance is it? HMO
What is your tertiary insurance group name: Don´t have one
Whats your insurance and policy name? VBG4-GF5-DS3
Is your policy holder´s name different from your name? Yes
What is the policy holder´s name? David Black
What is the policy gender? Male
What is the policy holder´s date of birth? 09/09/89
How did you hear about us? Hospital
Is there a pharmacy you usually use for prescriptions that you like to us to have in file? Yes 
Type the pharmacy name: CVS, Broadway, New York, NY
By signing below